#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-test.txt requirements-test.in
#
--index-url https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/pypi/web/simple

absl-py==2.1.0
    # via rouge-score
accelerate==1.4.0
    # via
    #   lm-eval
    #   peft
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   lm-eval
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via httpx
argcomplete==3.5.3
    # via datamodel-code-generator
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
awscli==1.37.22
    # via -r requirements-test.in
black==25.1.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
boto3==1.36.22
    # via tensorizer
botocore==1.36.22
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bounded-pool-executor==0.0.3
    # via pqdm
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
chardet==5.2.0
    # via mbstrdecoder
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   jiwer
    #   nltk
    #   ray
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   sacrebleu
    #   tqdm-multiprocess
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cramjam==2.9.1
    # via fastparquet
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datamodel-code-generator==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
dataproperty==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
datasets==3.3.1
    # via
    #   evaluate
    #   lm-eval
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   lm-eval
    #   multiprocess
docutils==0.16
    # via awscli
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   encodec
    #   vector-quantize-pytorch
    #   vocos
einx==0.3.0
    # via vector-quantize-pytorch
encodec==0.1.1
    # via vocos
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via lm-eval
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastparquet==2024.11.0
    # via genai-perf
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via einx
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastparquet
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
genai-perf==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements-test.in
genson==1.3.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hiredis==3.1.0
    # via tensorizer
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
huggingface-hub==0.28.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   vocos
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflect==5.6.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   torch
jiwer==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via lm-eval
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   mistral-common
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via genai-perf
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
libnacl==2.1.0
    # via tensorizer
librosa==0.10.2.post1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lm-eval[api]==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements-test.in
lxml==5.3.1
    # via sacrebleu
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
mbstrdecoder==1.1.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   typepy
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistral-common[opencv]==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   mistral-common
modelscope==1.23.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via lm-eval
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   ray
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
narwhals==1.27.1
    # via plotly
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via rouge-score
numba==0.61.0
    # via librosa
numexpr==2.10.2
    # via lm-eval
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   einx
    #   encodec
    #   evaluate
    #   fastparquet
    #   genai-perf
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   mistral-common
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   peft
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorizer
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   tritonclient
    #   vocos
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via mistral-common
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   black
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastparquet
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   peft
    #   plotly
    #   pooch
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   ray
    #   statsmodels
    #   transformers
    #   typepy
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastparquet
    #   genai-perf
    #   statsmodels
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via pytablewriter
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
peft==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   lm-eval
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   genai-perf
    #   matplotlib
    #   mistral-common
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   pooch
plotly==6.0.0
    # via genai-perf
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via sacrebleu
pqdm==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorizer
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   tensorizer
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest-forked
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   genai-perf
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via rsa
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via lm-eval
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   mistral-common
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pytablewriter==1.2.1
    # via lm-eval
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   genai-perf
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-shard
pytest-asyncio==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-forked==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via genai-perf
pytest-rerunfailures==15.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-shard==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements-test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
python-rapidjson==1.20
    # via tritonclient
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   awscli
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   datasets
    #   genai-perf
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   ray
    #   responses
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   vocos
rapidfuzz==3.12.1
    # via jiwer
ray==2.42.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
redis==5.2.1
    # via tensorizer
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacrebleu
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lm-eval
    #   mistral-common
    #   modelscope
    #   pooch
    #   ray
    #   responses
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
responses==0.25.6
    # via genai-perf
rich==13.9.4
    # via genai-perf
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via lm-eval
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.7.2
    # via awscli
s3transfer==0.11.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
sacrebleu==2.5.1
    # via lm-eval
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   lm-eval
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   statsmodels
    #   vocos
sentence-transformers==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via mistral-common
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rouge-score
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   librosa
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
sqlitedict==2.1.0
    # via lm-eval
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via genai-perf
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   einx
    #   torch
tabledata==1.3.4
    # via pytablewriter
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tcolorpy==0.1.7
    # via pytablewriter
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via lm-eval
tensorizer==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   lm-eval
    #   mistral-common
timm==1.0.14
    # via -r requirements-test.in
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   pytest
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   accelerate
    #   encodec
    #   lm-eval
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tensorizer
    #   timm
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
    #   vector-quantize-pytorch
    #   vocos
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   encodec
    #   vocos
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lm-eval
    #   modelscope
    #   nltk
    #   peft
    #   pqdm
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tqdm-multiprocess
    #   transformers
tqdm-multiprocess==0.0.11
    # via lm-eval
transformers==4.48.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   genai-perf
    #   lm-eval
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers-stream-generator
transformers-stream-generator==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements-test.in
tritonclient==2.54.0
    # via genai-perf
typepy[datetime]==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   mistral-common
    #   multidict
    #   pqdm
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   modelscope
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   tritonclient
vector-quantize-pytorch==1.21.8
    # via -r requirements-test.in
vocos==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
word2number==1.1
    # via lm-eval
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via lm-eval

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
